Query log crawler snowflake [sc-12584] (#362)
MetaphorData/connectors: metaphor/snowflake/README.md

See [Filter Configurations](../common/docs/filter.md) for more information on the optional `filter` config.

#### Query Logs

> By default, the snowflake connector will fetch 1 day's query logs, to be analyzed for additional metadata, such as dataset usage and lineage information. To backfill log data, can set `lookback_days` to be longer. To turn off the log fetch, set `lookback_days` to 0. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, the snowflake connector will fetch a full day's query logs from yesterday, to be analyzed for additional metadata, such as dataset usage and lineage information. To backfill log data, one can set `lookback_days` to the desired value. To turn off query log fetching, set `lookback_days` to 0. 
```

Author: updated

See [Filter Configurations](../common/docs/filter.md) for more information on the optional `filter` config.

#### Query Logs

By default, the snowflake connector will fetch a full day's query logs from yesterday, to be analyzed for additional metadata, such as dataset usage and lineage information. To backfill log data, one can set `lookback_days` to the desired value. To turn off query log fetching, set `lookback_days` to 0.  

```yaml

query_log:
  # (Optional) Number of days of query logs to fetch. Default to 1. If 0, the no query logs will be fetched.
  lookback_days: <days>
    
  # (Optional) A list of users whose queries will be excluded from the log fetching.
  excluded_usernames:
    - <user_name1>
    - <user_name2>
  
  # (Optional) The number of query logs to fetch from Snowflake in one batch. Default to 100000.

>   query_log_fetch_size: <number_of_logs>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  fetch_size: <number_of_logs>
```

Since it's already under `query_log` section.

Author: updated
